Tolga GOLBASI
Manavkuyu mh 248 sk no:5 daire:9 bayraklý IZMIR TURKEY/tolgagolbasi@gmail.com
Teacher
As an assistant professor at Department of Mathematics from Ege University at Izmir/Turkey, I
have had the chance of knowing Tolga Golbasi from his last year being his assistant professor
in two undergraduate courses. I am writing you in order to support Tolga and his desire to
attend Tampere University of Technology. Tolga is one of my best students and therefore I
sincerely recommend that he shall have the opportunity to attend your university.
I met Tolga in his fourth year of college during the fall of 2010 semester. Due to his
background in algorithms he succeeded my classes as one of the best class and I feel confident
that he will continue to succeed in his studies. He is a dedicated student. In object oriented
programming-II class he has proven to be using methods i thought effectively. I have confidence
in his hard work and I am sure that he is motivated to give the best of him in attending your
master programme.
Tolga is an outstanding individual with a strong character. He has the ability to produce
impressive results in a wide variety of areas, being organized and motivated, self confident and
success oriented. I have seen very good results on complex projects that offered great attention
to detail where quality was never compromised.
I highly recommend that you consider his application as he will be a great asset to your
programme. It is my hope that you will accept his admission to your university. If you have any
questions regarding this recommendation, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Aysun AYTAÇ
Assistant Professor
Department of Mathematics Ege University 
Ege Üniversitesi, Fen Fakültesi, C Blok  Matematik Bölümü, 35100  Bornova - Ýzmir - TÜRKÝYE
+90 232 3112333/1745
aysun.aytac@ege.edu.tr


Tolga GOLBASI
Manavkuyu mh 248 sk no:5 daire:9 bayraklý IZMIR TURKEY/tolgagolbasi@gmail.com
Teacher
It is my pleasure to recommend Mr Golbasi for his application to your Master's Degree
Programme in Information Technology.I have known him for two years in the capacity
of teacher in computer science assistant professor in the Ege University mathematics
department. Tolga was a student in the Computer Science division, which has high level
of computer science classes. He handled the curriculum with success and graduated in
June 2011. I have taught Tolga different Computer Science classes in third and fourth
years. He didn’t have any problems in my classes and he was always one of the top
students in class.
In our department computer science courses taught with relation to mathematics
Tolga made these connections between two easily and grasped new ideas in no
time. Tolga was always a responsible student who reflected high level of motivation,
productivity and competence. His assignments were always handed in on time and his
class participation shows his interest in computer sciences. He progressed year by year
in academics and his grades shows it.
As a computer science assistant professor, I believe that Tolga has the
necessary skills and knowledge he will need in the Master's Degree Programme in
Information Technology. Any university considering Tolga Golbasi for acceptance has
my recommendation. If you need more assistance, please do not hesitate to contact
me.

Burak ORDIN
Assistant Professor
Department of Mathematics Ege University 
Ege Üniversitesi, Fen Fakültesi, C Blok  Matematik Bölümü, 35100  Bornova - Ýzmir - TÜRKÝYE
+90 232 3112333/5416
burak.ordin@ege.edu.tr